hello youtube and welcome back to
another episode of gum in my mouth where
we review the gum for every consumers so
like I mentioned in my previous video we
would have the the line version it's not
sour it's called lime version of Strides
sour patch kids so there's not really
much to compare packaging other that
it's green and the flavors lime so in my
last video I did raspberry as the flavor
actually was red berry I'm sorry about
that let's open this up and we can see
that the inside is exactly the same
actually it's a little bit different
yeah but that's probably because these
gums are blocking the dead people in the
background so so um today I actually had
a helping hand from my niece and that
you know I had one piece of gum and she
had another and we she helped me record
the findings and the analysis of this so
let's get right to the point
the first thing we know this is it's
been 30 minutes since we started chewing
this gum and the flavor is still there
at least for me it is how are you yep
she says yes the flavors still there
flavor is pretty powerful we both agreed
that compared to the sour patch gummies
it it was actually equal to that like
she said that um neither sour patch of
gummies gummy um you get strong for like
a couple seconds and then it dies down
then in the next couple seconds so we
both agreed there and you know that is
our conclusion about it now whether I
would recommend this over the red berry
gum I would actually have to go with the
red berry gum I feel like that one has a
better flavor lime isn't relief
everyone so it might it might actually
work for some people but not for me it's
got the same ingredients as the other
one so I will be doing a video every
Wednesday cuz I have a stable date now I
have a camera lady so she's gonna help
me out every Wednesday so I will have a
video up every week on Wednesday before
6 o'clock and if anything does happen I
will be sure to put you know a short
video of saying why the delay is
happening so you guys well out of all
five stars I give this a 4 out of 5
compared to the other one it just wasn't
a match it was kind of like Super Bowl
eight to forty three so yeah so enjoy
and we'll have the video up by Wednesday
by six o'clock next week peace